Split `spec/registry.md` into multiple files under `spec/functions/` (#974)
unicode-org/message-format-wg: spec/syntax.md

what form the values of an _operand_ can take,
what _options_ and _option_ values are acceptable,
and what outputs might result.

> See [function registry](./functions/README.md) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [default function set](./functions/README.md) for more information.
```
